Feat(plugins): Update schema validation to ignore any key starting with underscore (#2689)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/input-variable-validation-BETA.md

| <samp>default</samp> | Dict | | | | Default value |
| <samp>keys</samp> | Dictionary | | | Key Pattern: `^[a-z][a-z0-9_]*$` | Dictionary of dictionary-keys in the format `{<keyname>: {<schema>}}`.<br>`keyname` must use snake_case.<br>`schema` is the schema for each key. This is a recursive schema, so the value must conform to AVD Schema |
| <samp>dynamic_keys</samp> | Dictionary | | | Pattern: `^[a-z][a-z0-9_]*$` | Dictionary of dynamic dictionary-keys in the format `{<variable.path>: {<schema>}}`.<br>`variable.path` is a variable path using dot-notation and pointing to a variable under the parent dictionary containing dictionary-keys.<br>If an element of the variable path is a list, every list item will unpacked.<br>`schema` is the schema for each key. This is a recursive schema, so the value must conform to AVD Schema<br>**Note that this is building the schema from values in the *data* being validated!** |

> | <samp>allow_other_keys</samp> | Boolean | | False | | Allow keys in the dictionary which are not defined in the schema. Custom keys starting with underscore, like `_mycustomkey` are excepted from this validation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <samp>allow_other_keys</samp> | Boolean | | False | | Allow keys in the dictionary which are not defined in the schema. Custom keys starting with an underscore, like `_mycustomkey` are exempt from this validation |
```
